hey guys is Barrett and welcome to Paris
kitchen vid onion rings that's right
this is the most amazingly crispy recipe
that I've ever tasted
and the most astonishing part here is
that I've used very basic onion rings
ingredients and just week the coating
process just a little bit and the
results were just amazing all right so
here I've already sliced some onions
antek in the rings out now while slicing
the onions make sure that you don't
slice your onion rings more than a
quarter of an inch thick otherwise they
won't cook properly so I'm gonna
transfer the Rings into a bowl and add
some ice-cold water and some vinegar
we're gonna let the ring sit in the
water and vinegar for around 10 minutes
and the meanwhile I'm gonna tell you how
I'm gonna coat it a little differently
than the traditional methods okay so
first I want to coat them in some dry
ingredients so I've taken some
cornstarch and to that I'm gonna add
some baking soda and yes it's baking
soda and not baking powder we're gonna
season it with some salt and some thyme
pepper you can definitely add some of
the spices of your own choice I mean you
can add some garlic powder some paprika
or or even onion powder okay maybe not
onion powder because it already has an
onion then we're just gonna whisk the
dry ingredients thoroughly so after ten
minutes I'm gonna take my rings out of
the water and coat them with the
cornstarch mix so just draw a few rings
at a time and make sure it coated from
all the sides now you don't want to coat
them generously just enough such that
cornstarch sticks to it so we're gonna
let these try coated onion rings to rest
for about five minutes over a cooling
rack and if you don't have a cooling
rack you can keep a butter paper
underneath them and they'll be just fine
now in cornstarch is added to water it
becomes like a gel and that gel when
comes into heat becomes really crispy
and that my friends will basically
introduce the crispy life of these onion
rings okay so now for my batter coating
I'm gonna take some all-purpose flour
some cornstarch and some cornmeal which
is also known as corn flour polenta or
even mucky cotton in some countries
we're gonna add some salt and be careful
as we're not gonna be adding any spices
in the batter finally we're gonna
some ice-cold water and fists get
generously now risking is very important
as we want to incorporate certain amount
of air in this batter so on a mix it for
around five minutes and then I'm gonna
add some oil and whisk it again for two
minutes more now not making a very thick
batter but it can make a very thick
batter if you like those overly battered
onion rings okay so for my crumb coating
I wanna use some panko bread crumbs
offer best results you have to use panko
bread crumbs only but if you don't have
panko breadcrumbs you can use normal
bread crumbs or you can even go without
Brigham's as this recipe is such that
even if you make battered onion rings
there's still really crispy
okay so dip the dry coated onion rings
in the batter and enough to latch on to
these onion rings such that it's well
coated then I wanna wait for excess
batter to drip off and then just dunk
them in the bread crumbs now for crumb
coating I usually add few bread crumbs
in a small bowel and just shake it
vigorously there's no making your hands
dirty or nothing like that and if you
look closely you'll notice that the
onion rings are quite evenly coated and
this is absolutely no mess which means
no distress so we're gonna fry the onion
rings on a medium flame which is
basically standard frying two minutes on
one side then flip them in two minutes
on the other side now I'm using canola
oil you can use any other oil but a high
smoke point oil will give you good
results so we're gonna fry them until
they're golden brown
or until they look like this okay so now
to finally answer the question that is
this stuff amazingly crispy then just
hear this
so these were the battered one and now
for the braided one now most recipes out
there are generally crispy for about 15
to 20 minutes after frying but wait till
you hear this voice which I recorded
modified to 50 minutes after frying
so there you go guys how to make crispy
onion rings if you liked the video do
give it a thumbs up for updates and
queries don't forget to like me on
Facebook and then I'll see you all next
time
[Music]
you
[Laughter]